Lance might have come to Spain to offer
the Brits something different but so far
all has given them to his pretentious
novelty food I'm gonna give him a taste
of his own medicine
have a taste first up a chocolate and
prune smoothie based on Lawrence's
signature dish what's that taste like
loves chocolate yeah you smell chocolate
big a minute and then it tastes like
cookies cookies taste that one again no
thanks I think it's horrible
okay next a chicken and banana smoothie
based on the dish you served at the
Donkey Sanctuary dinner texture in there
which stringy stringy stringy texture
it's a banana and string my phone's off
the first one is prunes and
chocolate can you taste the prawn there
um well no something in there that was
you can get it what I'm trying to say if
you've got the best of prawns let them
taste of prawn
don't let them taste of prawn and
chocolate this is the most painful
smoothie because it's the chicken and
banana and it's the the dish
that managed to piss off the locals ever
the Donkey Sanctuary smoking channel
event what the were you thinking
about putting banana and chicken
together
tell me how I can help you okay it was
just using like a South American kind of
differences in roasting chicken you
didn't tell me the truth about
the banana no and I'm a chef and I've
done my homework before I got
here and let food taste of what it
should
it's not just mixing prawns with
chocolate and chicken with banana that's
the problem is the other 70 dishes on
Lawrence's huge menu so then I want to
replace it with a dozen dishes that you
can cook easily to stop the tourist
waiting hours for their dinner with you
know trying to restrict the menu every
time I try to think about it I think if
the people have asked for this those
particular items and why I shouldn't
take them off I do get some return
customers so can I do something right
but where are these them without
being here for three nights and the
trottin I don't see the return
business you give me the impression in
such a short period of time and knowing
you that I've got a young man that's
playing with these dad's money trying to
run a restaurant that's the
impression I get cuz I believe what I'm
doing is right if I didn't know what
we're doing
I couldn't do this menu on my
own with 72 dishes on there I couldn't
do it cuz you're not a proper
chef so if you're not a proper chef then
don't try and cook out your box and
unless that's gonna sink in and
stay in your mind I've got no chance
Lars is refusing to reduce his huge menu
but it's the only way I'll ever go with
a busy restaurant it's time to prove my
point for tonight's service divides the
three-course Mediterranean menu that
will fly out the kitchen and get
customers served quickly biggest batch o
soup BBQ chicken with a warm potato
salad and a roasted caramelized peach
what's the twist
it's a little local is it
there's no twist there tonight
customers will order from Lauren sees a
la carte menu but when he falls behind
he'll switch to mine and that will show
him how quickly can serve customers
there's still no head chef so far that
thinks they're found on Geary are the
best candidates but Francesco just won't
consider them he's got to be realistic
he's in the middle of Wales not London
and they stay forwards and if you don't
find anyone as good as Carrie we don't
find anyone as good as Stefan it and you
know we're gonna look at what we've got
internally well no I think that I think
we need somebody really from outside and
inside it internally I can only be the
one
Francesco just doesn't see it but Gary
and Stefano have talents and I'm gonna
show the only way I'll get him to try
their food is to make him believe that
I've cooked it really important tomorrow
yeah big night for you and French accent
doesn't believe that you're capable of
becoming the chef I think you are it's
your half hour so before about you
dishes
think of an oyster started like a big
crush the graft on the top okay remain
coasting in a meat of some sort of girl
with some concerns sure lots mm-hmm
so important we'll do service and then
at the end of servers we'll sit them
down and back you let rip you let
rip big time right Stefano let's go the
crap in the kitchen about the delegation
the lack of direction yeah we can work
on that that's workable but this is your
half hour of magic all right think about
it yeah and make sure you utilize that
time and come up with something magical
they were sitting down for dinner and we
say eat the following this is me this is
me on a plate
yeah hard on material how do you say
erection the Italian action it lets your
mission okay you're like Sione good
domani
okay that's it
let's see on it thank me posh words an
erection as well as preparing their
meals Gary and Stefan I must do their
normal kitchen duties Australia way
Stefan Oh starts working with the team
but Gary he's only interested in his own
meal even I think that's too ambitious
very few seconds you've had a bit more
time on your hands it's more than to get
ready yes he hasn't done anything for
tonight so we swap over you yeah okay
once all these vegetables cook then I
want you in the kitchen concentrate on
tonight's service cause gentlemen the
Caliphate for tomorrow
yeah you take two hours you know yeah
two hours the organized for tonight okay
I really thought Gary have great
potential to be a good head chef but
honestly do your about his team he
just cares about himself and selfish
individuals don't make great head chefs
i Jessica and Enrico think I'm the chef
tonight if Gary is Stefano hand-prepared
will be my reputation that's awesome
[Music]
she comes in she's
yeah
and stole don't be silly okay inside
stefanos duck and chestnut ravioli shows
real imagination
sweet justice like the whispers engine
and francesco approves of Gary's oyster
sorry yeah look clean place for me is a
sign of yeah happiness yes it's good
for the main course Gary's cult phillyd
steak and Steph are low sea bass where
you do don't drop those okay well done
guys I'm sure you're happy now are you
happy yeah hi guys thank you yes I
really optical chestnut yeah everything
yes interesting for me yes say most of
the dishes they were exciting I was
interested in the India of Yoli again
found it exciting and very good very
nicely done
and the beef and the beef I would have
liked for the Pinot underneath the beef
potatoes potatoes that would have banged
the dishes up and balance it out don't
take this the wrong way but I didn't
cook any dish right choice ters beef
sorbet
yeah was this menu 24 hours ago yes duck
ravioli sea bass and pancakes were
stefanos and because they weren't been
interviewed during the week because I
think Francesca doesn't think they're
good enough I wanted them to cook three
dishes each but you both have dinner
tonight so I didn't touch anything
Thank You variously for your comments
thank you well thank for that
you